feat(doc/quick_start): a new Quick Start doc (#338)
MCDReforged/MCDReforged: docs/source/quick_start/introduction.rst

What is MCDR?
=============

MCDReforged (MCDR, hereinafter) is a tool to manage your Minecraft server with the custom plugin system. No need to modify the original Minecraft server at all

> In-game calculator, player high-light, scoreboard manipulate, structure file management, backup / rollback... you can controlm the whole world with MCDR and its plugins

Reviewer: `controlm` typo

> Greatly thanks to chino_desu and his MCDaemon 1.0 for the idea of such a cool tool

Author: but you don't even have the link in your readme ;)

> Advantage

Reviewer: Advantages

---------

Vanilla!

> ~~~~~~~~

Reviewer: dont use `!` in subtitles, cuz it might cause issue on referring

MCDR runs above the server. It doesn't need to modify the server at all, which keep everything **vanilla**

Plugin System
~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> MCDR has a hot-reloadable plugin system. You don't need to shut down the server to update the plugins

Reviewer: "hot-reloadable plugin system" itself is not an advantage. It should be "A rich ecosystem of plugins from the community". "hot-reloadable plugin system" is useless if there's no plugin to hot-reload

Author: that from your README though

Author: I think you were trying to compare itwitho Minecraft mods / plugins

Reviewer: fair. just keep it as-is, I'll change them later

What is MCDR
============

MCDReforged (MCDR, hereinafter) is a tool to manage your Minecraft server with the custom plugin system. No need to modify the original Minecraft server at all

> In-game calculator, player high-light, scoreboard manipulate, structure file management, backup / rollback... you can control the whole world with MCDR and its plugins

Reviewer: mods control the world, and MCDR controls the whole MC server

```suggestion
In-game calculator, player high-light, scoreboard manipulate, structure file management, world backup / rollback... you can control the whole Minecraft server with MCDR and its plugins
```

Greatly thanks to `chino_desu <https://github.com/kafuuchino-desu>`__ and his `MCDaemon 1.0 <https://github.com/kafuuchino-desu/MCDaemon>`__ for the idea of such a cool tool

Advantages
----------

Vanilla
~~~~~~~

MCDR runs above the server. It doesn't need to modify the server at all, which keep everything **vanilla**

Plugin System
~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> MCDR has a rich ecosystem of plugins from the community

Reviewer: ```suggestion
MCDR has a rich ecosystem of plugins from the community. From an in-game calculator, player highlighter, and Twitch chat bot, to a scoreboard manipulator, file manager, and backup system, all of them can be implemented with MCDReforged plugins
```

just copy from https://mcdreforged.com/en

> Meanwhile it's hot-reloadable that you don't need to shut down the server to update the plugins

Reviewer: `it` is ambiguous, and `that` is a bit weird

```suggestion
Meanwhile, the plugin system is hot-reloadable, so you don't need to shut down the server to update the plugins
```

Compatibility
~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> We supports most popular server softwares (Vanilla, Fabric, Spigot, Paper, etc.)

Reviewer: What is "server softwares"? Ah you're referring to Minecraft servers

```suggestion
We supports most popular Minecraft servers (Vanilla, Fabric, Spigot, Paper, etc.)
```

Author: server (服务器)
server software (服务端)

fyi: "Download Paper, our Minecraft server software offering unrivaled performance and stability." - https://papermc.io/downloads/paper

Reviewer: That's just their choice

Reviewer: It's "MCDR" itself instead of "MCDR devs" (we) that supports these Minecraft servers

> On multiple platforms (Windows, Linux, Mac, etc.)

Reviewer: The `On` prefix makes it seem as if the previous sentence has not ended

```suggestion
Supports multiple platforms (Windows, Linux, Mac, etc.)
```

How it works
------------

> **TL;DR:** MCDR works like robot that stares at the server console, respond to server output quickly, and inputting commands for users

Reviewer: grammar issue

```suggestion
**TL;DR:** MCDR works like a robot that stares at the server console, responds to server output quickly, and inputs commands for users
```

> MCDR uses `Popen <https://docs.python.org/3/library/subprocess.html#subprocess.Popen>`__ to start the server software as a sub-process, so it has the ability to control the standard input / out stream of the server

Reviewer: The concept of "software" is beyond a "program" or "executable", so saying "start the server software as a sub-process" is confusing

```suggestion
MCDR uses `Popen <https://docs.python.org/3/library/subprocess.html#subprocess.Popen>`__ to start the server as a sub-process, so it has the ability to control the standard input / out stream of the server
```
